you know how important water is as a
resource and you've probably heard that
future Wars will be fought over water in
today's video I'm going to show you one
step deeper we are going to look at
who's behind the Water Crisis agenda
that's going on right before our very
eyes this information affects every
single person so you must pay attention
I will cover all the details I'm going
to show you who you need to focus on on
what you as an individual can do you
came here for the truth so let me unveil
that for you I want to show you right
now what's happening if you look at
what's been happening recently I know
you've seen it climate change is
everywhere now this is just showing us
that the treasury is warning that
climate change could impose substantial
Financial costs on us household finances
so they're now pushing that who else do
we see talking about climate change the
Federal Reserve who else the ECB who
else other central banks you see this is
starting to become a buzzword that they
like to use each and every chance that
they get and like I said I want to make
that point that it doesn't matter where
you stand on the subject understand this
climate change is being used perhaps
hijacked by those who wish to take more
control you have one subject and then
you can overtake that and use it in
order to advance your agenda yes I use
that word intentionally so we have that
you look at this this is an article
about rivan but ultimately showing us
that the governments are going more and
more towards
incentivizing uh electric vehicles solar
panels green energy and so on we get
that right okay
absolutely JP Morgan boss Jamie demon
says that AI will enable a 3.5 day work
week sure
absolutely I just have one issue with
that is you're not going to exactly be
getting paid for that other uh day and a
half you see with AI and with robotics
your effort that you can apply as an
individual will be substantially reduced
you see the AI Works 24 hours a day the
robots are turning knobs all day long
and these things one by one by one are
getting better than the majority look at
the you know chat GPT doing better on
the bar exam all the other medical exams
everything else and so we know that this
has only just begun and yet here we are
water is something that generally we
take advantage of we take it for granted
we open up the tap hopefully don't drink
it right out the to but we open up the
tap and we have water it's accessible
but you could be in Flint Michigan and
my goodness suddenly we don't take it
for granted things change rapidly but
there's a level deeper to this you've
probably seen it in the news
consistently Water Crisis everywhere
right have you heard that let me know
where have you seen that it seems to be
everywhere in fact when we look at this
I have found time and time again that
there's a lot of information this
happens to be just one Panama Canal
trims vessel passage quota again to deal
with severe drought and so we get these
articles that pop up and of course it's
affecting real people's lives where
you'll have a drought over here you'll
have you know a tsunami over here you
got you know way too much water over
there look at New York getting smashed
recently and so there are various
problems along you know the topic of
water and so a lot of that has to deal
with drought in many areas we've seen
that in the West
you know you you've got that in um parts
of the United States you've got that
going on in so many other places as well
and Europe was terrible this summer okay
so we have these things keep that in
mind you got you got me where we are so
we've got climate change we've got the
Water Crisis which is like you know
let's say it's underneath the umbrella
of climate
change and now we have a group that is
specific Ally out there suggesting that
action needs to be taken on water now
let me be upfront let me be clear that
we need access to clean water we need to
have access for as many people that's
the most basic element that we can't do
without we need water That's essential
so I'm not against anything to do with
that there's just a problem though
because it goes a step deeper it's just
just like we don't want toxic waste
being dumped we don't want
deforestation we want the air to be nice
we don't want to look out into the
skyline and see you know yellow and
brown orange that's not very good nobody
likes that but you go a level deeper and
you start to see a few things all right
the goal is to restrict our ability to
travel our access to goods and services
and increase our dependence on the
systems that are in place you see many
years ago most people were at least you
know overwhelmingly self-sufficient they
had a nice Garden they could take care
of themselves maybe they had a septic
tank so they didn't even need the water
system that they were uh being you know
fed at at some point later you know
these things are now very different
we have centralized systems that makes
it cheap that gives access to a lot of
people and so yes again I understand but
you have to understand who we are
talking about and there's a few names
that I want to bring up okay you're
going to see one in this case
here confronting the global Water Crisis
first name on there is the one I want to
focus on
Marana
mazuk
right I want you I'm going to put this
all these links in the description under
the sources used in this video which is
at the bottom of the description right
water related challenges whether there
is too much or too little or too you
know too dirty unsafe there's already
fueling chronic Food and Health
insecurity in entire regions to
safeguard this most fundamental natural
resource we urgently need Global
strategy to govern water for the common
good and that's where I start to get a
little bit touchy all
right the world's Water Crisis can no
longer be ignored unless we manage water
properly we will neither tackle climate
change nor meet most of the sustainable
development
goals and that my friends is where we
need to start paying attention so
sustainable development we've heard this
before it started with Agenda 21 and
then it became agenda
2030 this is a video that she was a part
of Mariana and there was you know it's a
long video but at the world economic
Forum so we're getting stuff that you've
heard before related to agenda 2030 now
we're getting her at the world economic
forum and what she said here is
basically
you know we need to be part of a
collective we need to be
sustainable we want this to be Global
globally governed there all of these
terms which we've heard so many times
before she mentioned the issue from 2020
saying you know what we didn't get the
job done not everybody was on the same
page and then essentially said you know
with climate change this is very vague
and people don't understand it oh but
water everybody understands so this is
what we've got to use in order to make
it happen now the gold might be
something good you might say clean water
that's good who's going to deny that but
of course you got to understand the
agenda overall because it can always be
a trojan horse it can be used in order
to in advance an agenda and that's the
way these things operate I've looked at
this a thousand times before there's a
book by Rosa Quarry uh with a K and it's
called behind the green mask an
interesting take on what's happening
with agenda at that time Agenda 21 all
right so here as well as this video here
you can see her uh on the top of this
this is related to water this website
the waterc commission.org
and uh these other people at least the
gentleman I believe the bottom two uh
they were part of that you know World
economic Forum video if I'm not
mistaken and so she had a few things to
say as well as the previous video and I
just wanted to give you the summary okay
that's what you're here for you're here
for the truth you want to thrive and
prosper check this out and then at the
end I've got what you can do
very important stuff hit that thumbs up
if you want to support this channel
because it is something that you just
generally don't get out there and know
maybe you're seeing at the bottom of
this video a banner warning you don't
worry because everything here is
verified and sourced what she had to say
was that water unites the world I do
agree and therefore Global governance is
required that's where we stretch it a
little bit water is connected with
climate change all right and water deals
with inequality waterers the you know
Injustice and Waters all of these things
you use every very common term that
we've been hearing over the last several
years as they keep using these terms in
places like the Federal
Reserve talking about climate change and
what they can do it's not normal these
things are very unusual
all right solution this is what they say
the solution is for all is to fix the
access to clean water for everyone
globally great right that's great
trouble is how the supranational
institutions handle it all
right so here we have an article related
water related crisis around the world
have shown that current systems of
governance and economic organization are
unsuited for a world altered by global
warming the days of getting by with stop
Gap measures are gone the situation
demands Mission oriented Collective
action on all levels and so they
basically just go in and say look
there's a very big problem there's an
issue you've got a drought here you've
got problems with water over here for
one reason or another we need to fix
this we need to resolve it
how are these things done they mentioned
some good things
certainly but I believe that what they
will do is not what they say in this
essentially suggesting that they're
going to take control of this take the
bull by the horns and fix the problem no
they will control you they will control
your smart meter on your home they're
going to say that that is contributing
to the Water Crisis they're going to say
say that when you drive your gasoline
vehicle that you are contributing to the
Water Crisis why are you causing a
drought in the middle of you know
subsaharan Africa when you shouldn't be
able to do that and so what we are going
to do is we're going to limit your
access to different things no you can't
drive your car when you want no you
can't just use paper currency no you
can't you know get on an airplane you
can't do this you can't can't can't
can't because you are creating a problem
no not the you know 1,500 Jets private
jets that go into davil Switzerland and
tell you this kind of stuff where the
world economic Forum meets oh they're
not a problem no but you wanted to go
visit your family taking the car on a
long road trip your pollution is uh um
you know uncomfortable oh we don't like
that
year that's what's going on and so this
is part of this agenda there's a lot to
it but I'm just for the focus of this
video just this one thing understand
that there's a lot a lot more to
it right you could see who else is
talking about it Council and Foreign
Relations water stress a global problem
that's getting worse so you'll see this
all the time United Nations World Health
Organization Council foreign relations
and on and on every every big
institution they're all talking about it
so I only cover just a fraction of
what's out there so you might ask
yourself what can I do is there anything
I could do there's a few things number
one being you could be as
self-sufficient as possible if you've
got a nice big Garden you can actually
have rainwater Harvest harvesting to
water that garden with drip irrigation
and in most places it is very possible
and very inexpensive it Waters itself
basically and there's no worry about
that you could take care of it on it and
basically takes care of it on its own um
and of course that's just the water
aspect uh on another level you as the
individual if you have water running
through your property if you have a
little stream if you have a little
Ravine maybe it backs onto it a lot of
times water will allow you to get your
entire or I guess in that case it would
be the entire property tax back because
essentially saying look you got to
protect that that's very important and
you know integral to you know the
function of the Waterway and so on so as
a result of that because you're
protecting it you will get your tax back
so property tax you can get that back
depends depends on your area there's a
lot of jurisdictions there a lot of
rules yes I understand that but you got
to search that for your own area Okay
you'd be surprised and if you have
agriculture agriculture I put that in
quotes because if you had literally one
chicken in a lot of places you can get
75% of your property tax back this is
money that you save or sure you you know
you could put it in and it comes back
whatever but you can take that money and
you can reinvest invest that into your
self-sufficiency so utilize it these are
facts you don't what other Financial
channels talking about this
none none they don't know what's going
on but they know how to get your clicks
okay anyway go to a place that has
largely rejected the UN the
wh and why like why is that important
well at least it gives you more time so
you can say you know maybe in the grand
scheme of things I'm kind of still in it
but at least if I move in this area you
know that will give me a few years
that'll give me five years maybe 10
years who knows because e there
obviously you can see some places around
the world or some cities are much worse
than others usually the big cities are
not very good and that's just the way it
goes the rural areas um can be better
for some things um but it depends
depends dep on your jurisdiction depends
on your your country some places are
really harsh for some stuff and then
totally lacks on other things I think it
all depends and so this is what we're
talking about today with the Water
Crisis I found this to be very
interesting because it's the subset of
climate change that yeah we do hear
about but I wanted to bring it up to you
because I think this is one they can
kind of squeeze through if you want to
get some more details
okay on my website I have this thing
called compass and that is your
financial Journey starts here and
basically This Is Where It Begins for a
lot of people and it's totally free no
pay wall no credit card no email all
right you no ads you just go in watch
the videos the money gps.com what are
you waiting for come on my voice is
going to run out before you can get
there all right
and then uh the comment of the day this
is a section of the videos that
everybody loves and I want to thank you
for your comments okay so grug says this
the problem with using interest rates to
control oil prices is that oil is
increasingly traded in other than the
dollar currencies other than the dollar
they could withdraw 100% of all
liquidity and wouldn't go down because
it's still creating in Yuan and Saudi is
actively dumping dollars also Al the
fact that it means that the FED controls
inflation is that they print the money
to pay interest on the deposits with the
fed and yes absolutely we got to
understand that we are moving into a
multi-polar world things are changing
whether it's because of what's going on
with oil or something else we just got
to understand that the world is changing
we're hearing this new term Global South
that's being used actively and
ultimately what we're seeing are you
know this big sh shift in balance and to
some point that brings a lot of safety
but when it starts to swing in the other
direction what happens when you Corner
an
animal it lashes out and so you could
potentially have a war and that is a big
concern okay and it could come for many
different reasons but for you the
individual I would say take the actions
today to protect yourself to become more
self-sufficient I want to appreci
appreciate you for being here hit that
thumbs up button that does support this
channel that's all you got to do you
don't have to be the one to give to me
financially there I have so many
beautiful people that donate but all you
got to do is hit that thumbs up okay and
I want to thank you for that I want to
thank you for being here and I'll see
you on the next one take care